you I know you and your husband Scott
moved out here from New York Scott yeah
I know Scott well and yeah he's a good
man and how's it going do you like it ya
know I'm a New Yorker but I think my
husband is like really excited about it
because he gets to have the man cave see
that's the difference like when you're
an apartment you don't have like a space
yeah for nonsense yeah yeah nonsense
yeah is it not what's in his man he's a
he's like a bona fide apocalypse prepper
like he's like ready for the yeah like
doomsday stuff no kidding I am very very
committed Wow I don't know if you know
that about him like I had no idea yeah
Lee seems very unprepared to me in
general yeah he does yeah it's just all
the tattoos from the hair to but it's
like oh what have you been doing it's
like if you're doing tattoos this much
time yeah but you're laying on my body
Yeah right
he actually he's very committed he has a
ham radio station oh wow like all the
ham radio people out there like I don't
know what but ham radio is like a pretty
esoteric thing you know it's like a
there's all these PCB kind of thing yeah
it's not like scanners itself but it's
like it's not like they're talking about
ham exclusively if they're actually
talking about other ham radios that is
what literally it is very meta you like
get on ham radio and you talk about ham
radio he practices with the ham radio
and he has connections with yes have
someone that he plans to contact
specifically on the ham radians day yeah
well what he does is he this is what his
preparation methods are we've got an
apocalypse mobile it's got a very not
illegal at all sort of gas tank that can
go for 800 miles for real inque I don't
know where we're going 800 motors we're
gonna go about 800 miles this is there's
a special vehicle he has set aside gotta
get a gas tank and get it put on to your
vehicle and a guy does it I don't know I
think it's Australian look the point is
don't tell the cops he couldn't just
fill a couple of gas tanks and put them
in the trunk well I think it's just like
a mechanism that you can like he'll be
like driving home be like you hear that
I was like what is it he's like I'm
filling up my gas tank so he's ready to
go he's ready to go but really it sounds
like all he has is a car and a radio
well he does other things too he's like
you know he's got this huge tub in in
the man cave and he got an industrial
ice chest like a maker and he's not a
murderer but but fair question because
what he does is he gets ice and then he
puts it in the tub but like this big
plastic tub puts water in there works
out really hard and then submerges is
himself and I know you're like what does
that have to do with apocalypse yeah but
I think he's like prepping for like all
things that could happen like a freeze
could I go through an Arctic lake in a
pinch you know talk about you have any
like what will you contribute to the
family in in an apocalypse would you eat
is that what you're asking no no no I
mean you know it's a fair question
[Laughter]
obviously I can organize very what like
a killer in a pantry okay but more often
that it's I have wolf hearing which is
like my husband he's a tattoo artist
okay he's like deaf because when you
when you're like oh yeah you know the
buzzing for like 20 years you go do you
go deaf you can't hear anything so for
me I have something that I've coined
wolf herring which is like acute
sensitive hearing I think it's a thing
it might be like a have good really good
hero you know that like a tooth smell
that a wolf has I have that but in the
herring smell through your ears yeah
thank you
and how will that help exactly well you
know it's like in the pinch you know you
hear the missiles incoming you know cuz
he'd be like wow you know my plan for
the apocalypse yeah we just go on the
roof and let it happen that's really
yeah you're like I don't want to be
around at the back says Jax is like I'm
not a shepherd yeah co-star on this show
yeah he's like I don't wanna I don't
wanna be around for it yeah that's an IR
on see I learned a lot I would like to
show a clip because I do want to ask you
something yes about Dax and but first
explain some people understand the
premise of the show for those who have
not yet so it's blesses mass it's like
you know it's like a new-age couple who
get inherited they inherit a farm in
Nebraska and they're like oh we're gonna
we're gonna nail this we're gonna go and
be like simple where it's gonna be like
a Pinterest page we're gonna eat up but
of course they get there and it's
extremely difficult there's a lot of
cultural politics at play and some and
here's a clip Connie was right why
haven't we unpacked all these box it's
not like there's anything important than
them we got to show the town that we're
here to stay oh you gotta send a message
like we're here we're gonna die here
we're getting buried here on property in
fact I think we should consider digging
some burial holes lots lots so when
people drive by they go they're in it
for the long haul maybe hold off on that
that's the essence of the show but I was
watching that today and I just had this
thought I feel like that's like a big
part of why he wants to do this show
yeah so he could wear overalls to wear
overalls because he likes to wear
overalls and overall on a Wednesday on a
Thursday or Friday the whole nine yards
it almost seems like you know wrote this
show specifically thank you for him to
wear over he loves it truly he has like
fashion overalls to like where it's like
just like Nipton tucked in the right
spot like he really does it right I mean
he's a tall guy do which is quite
unusual and overall in it it is very
unusual yeah they're not really
flattering overalls in general have you
have you dabbled I've never worn
overalls but yeah you written movies and
direct movies is it do you feel
different doing a television definitely
I feel like like movies very lonely to
write in a room you know by yourself and
you're kind of like conjuring up I don't
but I was always really excited about
being in a TV show cuz you get a writers
room you get a movie for the people
magical place where like people share
stories about life and divorce and like
sexy stuff and you know there's always
like free cookies and you know it's just
like it's like three pens you know and
there's no cards and really exciting so
I I really liked I remember there were
like people who be like oh you know I
pooped when I was hiking you know or
like you know anything and then so it's
like you know I consider having sex with
a panda and you're like whoa that is too
much alive yeah but then of course me in
a writers room like we got to write that
on the board
you'd have sex with a Penta quote
remember that and then everybody forgets
about it obviously but it's like a fun
moment congratulations on the second
season of the show it's called bless
this mess
everybody hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil
wizard has trapped me inside this
YouTube video click subscribe to help me
escape